
The NIST framework assisted in conducting the vulnerability assessment by providing me with the information I needed to fill out the risk vulnerability assessment. The NIST framework is easily accessible. The information includes threat sources, threat events, a scale on the likelihood of an event occurring, and a scale on how bad the consequence of the threat event is if it happens. The NIST framework described its purpose and its importance with a ton of content. The NIST framework also provided information on the consequences of leaked sensitive data by providing me the specifics on the possible risks. 

The NIST framework provides potential applications in my future career as a cybersecurity professional. Organizations and businesses around the world heavily rely on technology such as information systems to carry out their main objective. This framework gives me a huge amount of information about the threats and risks involved when it comes to using this technology. In the future, I will be able to easily identify what the threat is. That will allow me to perform quick and effective decision-making on how to resolve potential threats in the future. The information stored in the NIST framework should be accurate and relevant which makes it reliable but there can always be changes to the document as time goes on. The NIST framework is also accessible to any device meaning I could go back to it for references to make another risk assessment for my future career.

There were not many things that surprised me with the NIST framework. This document is easy to access. I would think the information stored within the NIST framework would be more restricted for those going toward a cybersecurity profession in the future. The formatting of the document made it simple and easy to understand the content within the NIST framework. It was a bit surprising to see models and charts regarding risk. 
